player:player 1
map:r1
win:treasure
score:jewellery,30,false
score:treasure,50,false
health:r8,e8s,-1
health:r9,e9s,-2
    room:r1,Entrance,You are in the entrance. A huge painting is up on the wall and a safe sits in the corner.,false
        equipment:i1k,key,A shiny silver key - it must be for a silver lock somewhere,true,open the silver lock,c10c,i10t,You use the silver key to unlock the chest! In it you find the treasure... thousands of gold coins!
        container:c1s,safe,A locked titanium safe,false
        equipment:e1s,sword,A basket-hilted sword,true,slay the dragon,f9d,e9s,You slay the dragon! You find a trap-door beneath it!
        exit:e1e,east,A door to the east,r2,false
        feature:f1p,painting,A painting of the owner of the mansion hangs on the wall. Why is it completely stuck to the wall. Could there be something behind it?,false
     room:r2,Cafeteria, The distant aroma of food wafts towards you... this place is already getting into your head. To your south you see the door leading into the kitchen. A sign points towards a Restroom somewhere to your east.,false
        exit:e2s,south,A door to the kitchen,r3,false
        exit:e2e,east,A door to the restroom,r4,false
        exit:e2w,west,A door to the entrance,r1,false
        item:i2r,recipe-book,A recipe-book containing 100 dessert recipes,false
    room:r3,Kitchen,The kitchen still feels hot, as if the stove has just been on. It must be in your head... right? Looking around you don't notice anything out of the ordinary, there is a cabinet and a stove, just like all kitchens have.,false
        feature:f3s,stove,You look around the stove but find nothing out of the ordinary,false
        equipment:e3c,crowbar,Crowbar... an odd tool to find in a kitchen cabinet. This would be useful to pry two things apart.,false,pry the painting off the wall,f1p,e1s,There is a sword screwed onto the wall behind the painting!
        exit:e3n,north,A door to the cafeteria,r2,false
        exit:e3s,south,A door to the master-bedroom,r6,false
        item:i3l,lemon-juice,lemon-juice... a useful ingredient to make drinks,false,true,antidote,The antidote cures the poison. Enter 'use antidote' to drink the antidote,You have cured the posion!,,e8s,You can now move further down through the door at the bottom of the stairwell!
    room:r4,Restroom,You see a sink and a hook to the right with scissors hanging on it. Gusts of cold wind hit you as you notice an open door to your north... this isn't the door you walked in through,false
        feature:f4s,sink,A fancy marble sink,false
        exit:e4w,west,A door to the cafeteria,r2,false
        exit:e4e,east,A door to the terrace,r5,false
        equipment:e4s,scissors,These scissors could be useful to cut something,false,cutting eevanium-leaves off the vines...,i5e,e5e,The eevanium-leaves fall onto the floor so you now get them.
        equipment:e4sd,screwdriver,A screwdriver that can unscrew things,false,Unscrew the screws in the vent,f6v,i6j,You unscrew the vent and find jewellery lying inside!
    room:r5,Terrace,You step outside with the cold biting at your fingers and nose. The railing is covered in vines growing over it.,false
        exit:e5w,west,A door to the restroom,r4,false
        item:i5e,vines,The vines are covered in eevanium-leaves... maybe you can cut the vines to get the leaves...,false
        item:e5e,eevanium-leaves,Eevanium-leaves are a common antidote for many forms of poison. They must be added to a drink to make the antidote.,true,true,antidote,The antidote cures the poison. Enter 'use antidote' to drink the antidote,You have cured the posion!,,e8s,You can now move further down through the door at the bottom of the stairwell!
    room:r6,Master-Bedroom,A cold breeze blows into the bedroom through an open window. It is a regular bedroom with a bedside table and vents towards the ceiling and a cupboard.,false
        feature:f6b,bedside table,The bedside table has a flashlight on it,false
        feature:f6v,vents,The vents are screwed onto the wall,false
        item:i6j,jewellery,Valuable gold jewellery,true
        equipment:e6f,flashlight,A flashlight to see dark spaces,false,reveal a hidden door in the walk in closet,f7d,e7c,A code is engraved onto the wall. Get code to take note of it on your hand so you have it stored on you.
        exit:e6n,north,A door to the kitchen,r3,false
        exit:e6w,west,A door to the walk in closet,r7,false
    room:r7,Walk-in-closet,The walk in closet is dark. You feel something engraved into its wall. You will need a flashlight to look at it.,false
        feature:f7d,darkness,Darkness engulfs the room. You will need to use a flashlight on the darkness to look around,false
        equipment:e7c,code,A 6-digit code,true,Unlock the safe,c1s,i1k,Entering the code into the safe unlocks it! Inside lies a silver key!
        exit:e7s,south,A door leading to a stairwell,r8,false
        exit:e7e,east,A door to the master-bedroom,r6,false,
    room:r8,Stairwell,There are steps leading downstairs... your footsteps echo... THUD!... every step you take. You feel your head getting heavier... your eyelids drooping. It must be some poisounous gas in the air. You need the antidote: Eevanium blended into lemon-juice. You can't move down without using the antidote on the poison. Every command you make while in this room is decreasing your health by ❤️,false
        feature:f8p,poison,The poisounous gas in the air leaves poison in your system,false
        exit:e8s,south,A door leading to the basement,r9,true
        exit:e8n,north,A door leading to the walk in closet,r7,false
    room:r9,Basement,You have come downstairs into a musty dark basement. There is a large dragon in the middle of the basement.,false
        feature:f9d,dragon,The dragon was sleeping in the middle of the basement. It is waking up now. Every command you make is decreasing your health by ❤️❤️,false
        exit:e9s,south,A trapdoor leading to the dungeons under the mansion,r10,true
        exit:e9n,north,A door to the stairwell,r8,false
    room:r10,Dungeon,You see a chest in the middle of the dungeon,true
        exit:e10n,north,The trapdoor back to the basement,r9,false
        container:c10c,chest,A chest with a silver lock on it,false
        item:i10t,treasure,Thousands of gold coins,true
